Ouyang, who do you think you are?
You are just a poor ghost in a poor county
It can also interfere with the yoga decision
Ouyan
After today, our Bai family will be billionaires
If you treat us better
We can be compassionate
reward
You and your poor family eat
I also advise you
Be nice to me and my family
Don't lose it, you don't even know the cooperation.
You dead girl
Dare to beat us
Look, I don't do much for you
Sister, how can you push mom?
Uneducated thing
What kind of goods are you?
You talk wildly
I tell you clearly
IKEA values us very much.
Just your little broken company
Also worthy of those who leave home
The reason why I work with you when I leave home
Because I want to repay you so much
Can be my nurturing grace
But you don't like leaving home at all
Will not cooperate with you
Did you leave home to work with us because of you?
Oh yeah you don't want to say
Are you the daughter who has been separated from home for many years?
Yes, hahahaha.
You are so shameless
Dare to pretend to be a daughter who left home
You are really
The daughter of the deceased group has been missing since birth
I don't know if it's dead or alive
Including death
No news has been released about the daughter either.
Stop talking nonsense here